Improve informations on community page (#482)
napari/docs: docs/community/index.md

being a code or documentation contributor, to creating educational content or
examples, you are welcome to help develop and improve napari.

## Questions

To ask questions and interact with the team, you can join our
[zulip chat](https://napari.zulipchat.com/login/) or participate in our
[meetings](meeting-schedule).

To ask general question about napari usage to whole community of napari user, also for plugins 

> You may visit ![forum image.sc logo](../images/image_sc_logo.png) [forum.image.sc/tag/napari](https://forum.image.sc/tag/napari)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To ask general questions about napari usage to the community, including plugins,
you can visit ![forum image.sc logo](../images/image_sc_logo.png) [forum.image.sc/tag/napari](https://forum.image.sc/tag/napari)
```

## News and updates

To trace latest news from napari you may follow us on:
 * ![twitter logo](../images/twitter_logo.svg) twitter/X [napari_imaging](https://x.com/napari_imaging/) 
 * ![mastodon logo](../images/mastodon_logo.svg) mastodon [fosstodon.org/@napari](https://fosstodon.org/@napari)    

## Contributing and Bug reporting

The napari development happens in napari repository [github.com/napari/napari](https://github.com/napari/napari). 
If you spot a bug, please check our [issues list](https://github.com/napari/napari/issues) and if you 

> do not found matching report pleas open new issue. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The napari development happens in the napari GitHub repository [github.com/napari/napari](https://github.com/napari/napari). 
If you spot a bug, please check our [issues list](https://github.com/napari/napari/issues) . If you 
do not find a matching report, please open a new issue. 
```

If you are interested in contributing, check out our

> [contributing guide](napari-contributin).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
[contributing guide](napari-contributing).
```

This is why the docs build is failing, see https://app.circleci.com/pipelines/github/Czaki/napari-docs/110/workflows/1a59d4a2-ea8b-46ea-8d92-b8911748d94e/jobs/110?invite=true#step-106-128362_126
